This is your next "reading quiz."  As with other reading quizzes,
you should read the following Jupyter notebooks:
  - "06-Control" 
  - "07-Functions"
  - "08-Strings"
  - "09-FormattingStrings"

Make sure you understand the material in it (which may require 
re-reading all or part of it,asking questions, etc), BEFORE attempting 
this quiz.  This quiz will check your basic understanding of the 
material before you move on to other, more in-depth exercises.

As always, place your answers in "answers.txt" (one per line), and
submit as usual.

1. What is the value of x?
        a = 0
        b = 10
        x = b or a
        print(x)

   A. 0  
   B. 10  
   C. False  
   D. True
    
2. (True / False) The Python interpreter has been constructed to 
   re-order if elif statements so boolean conditions are executed
   in the correct logical order, irregardless as to how the programmer 
   listed them.   

   A. True
   B. False
   
3. (True / False) Python guarantees that both expressions with an `and` operator will be evaluated.

   A. True
   B. False

4. (True/False) A pythons function's header contains the return type 
   for the function.

   A. True
   B. False

5. Which of the following statements causes a function to exit and send 
   a result back to the caller?
   A. end
   B. exit
   C. return
   D. stop
   E. yield
   
6. (True/False) Comments at the top of a Python function provide help 
   documentation to others to help use the function.

   A. True
   B. False
   
7. (True/False) Functions in Python always return a value.  

   A. True
   B. False

8. What does "scope" mean?
   A. The types of values that a variable can hold. 
   B. The region of code in which a variable is visible.
   C. The kinds of problem that a function can solve.
   D. The amount of domain knowledge required to write a particular program.

9.  What is the difference between printing a value and returning
    a value?
    A. Printing a value leaves the current function, while returning
       a value does not.
    B. Printing a value gives it to the user, while returning a value
       gives it to other code for further computation.
    C. Printing a value only works on strings, while returning a value
       only works on integers.
    D. None of the above.

10. Suppose you have the line of code

    a = f(x,y);

    Which of the following best describes how you determine what
    value to put in the box for "a"?

    A. (1) Look at f to see what mathematical function it is.
       (2) Work out the math for x and y.
      (3) Your answer goes in the box for "a".
    B. (1) Create a frame for f, copying the values of x and y
           into the boxes named for its parameters.
       (2) Move the execution arrow into f, and execute code line by line.
       (3) When your execution arrow reaches a statement of the form
           print(num)
           the value that it prints is what goes into the box for "a".
    C. (1) Look at f to see where it has a statement of the form
           a = expression
       (2) Figure out what value that expression has
       (3) The value you came up with is what goes in the box for "a".
    D. (1) Create a frame for f, copying the values of x and y
           into the boxes named for its parameters.
       (2) Move the execution arrow into f, and execute code line by line.
       (3) When your execution arrow reaches a statement of the form
           return expression;
           the value of that expression is what you will end up
           putting in the box for "a" (after you destroy the frame,
           and return the execution arrow to the call site).

11. (True/False) Strings can be changed once the are created. 

   A. True
   B. False

12. (True/False) Strings can be indexed by negative numbers.

   A. True
   B. False

13. (True/False) In Python 3, strings are sequences of ASCII characters.

   A. True
   B. False

14. Which function returns the length of a string:
   a. len()
   b. length()
   c. range()
   d. size()
