This is your next "reading quiz."  As with other reading quizzes,
you should read the following Jupyter notebooks:
  - "15-Recursion" 
  - "16-Modules"

Make sure you understand the material in it (which may require 
re-reading all or part of it,asking questions, etc), BEFORE attempting 
this quiz.  This quiz will check your basic understanding of the 
material before you move on to other, more in-depth exercises.

As always, place your answers in "answers.txt" (one per line), and
submit as usual.


1. What is a base case?
   A. The pre-specified white box test cases and their answers.
   B. The case that you work by hand when you develop the algorithm.
   C. The inputs for which the algorithm can give an answer without 
      calling itself.
   D. The most numerous types of inputs, which are the ones that are 
      answered  with reference to itself.

2. How would you go about showing that your recursive algorithm always 
   terminates?
   A. Show that you always subtract a positive number from the argument
      in every recursive call.
   B. Show that you have a base case in your algorithm.
   C. Show that every recursive call passes an argument which is 
      "smaller than" the argument received by the current call under the 
      ordering you have chosen.
   D. Apply Godel's Incompleteness Theorem to the problem at hand.

3. Which of the following terms describes a pair of functions (e.g., f and g)
   where can f calls g, g calls h, and h  calls f?
   A. Tail recursion
   B. Indirect recursion
   C. Pairwise induction
   D. Strong induction 

4. Recursively traversing a directory structure exemplifies what type of 
   recursion?
   A. head 
   B. indirect
   C. numerical
   D. structural
   E. tail

5. (True/False) Recursive functions can be called an unlimited number of times 
   until the memory is exhausted.
   A. True
   B. False

6. (True/False) In tail recursion, we perform the function's processing first,
   and then make the recursive call.
   A. True
   B. False

7. (True/False) In head recursion, we always check for the base condition first
   before making a recursive call.
   A. True
   B. False

8. Which of the following functions may be performed in a wrapper function:
   A. Validating parameters
   B. Calling a recursive function
   C. Handling errors
   D. Initializing parameters
   E. All of the above
   F. A, B, D

9. (True/False) "from module import *" is a good programming practice as less
   typing is required to use functions and other items defined in that module.
   A. True
   B. False

10. (True/False) The python interpreter loads a separate instance of a module
   every time it appears in an import statement.
   A. True
   B. False
