This is your next "reading quiz."  As with other reading quizzes,
you should read the following Jupyter notebooks:
  - "18-Testing"
  - "19-Debugging"

Make sure you understand the material in it (which may require 
re-reading all or part of it,asking questions, etc), BEFORE attempting 
this quiz.  This quiz will check your basic understanding of the 
material before you move on to other, more in-depth exercises.

As always, place your answers in "answers.txt" (one per line), and
submit as usual.


1. What is the goal of testing?
   A. To show that a program has no errors ("bugs") in it.
   B. To fix problems that have been identified with a program.
   C. To identify errors in a program. 
   D. None of the above.

2. What is the goal of debugging?
   A. To show that a program has no errors ("bugs") in it.
   B. To fix problems that have been identified with a program.
   C. To identify errors in a program. 
   D. None of the above.

3. How should you approach debugging?
   A. Guess and check.
   B. Mutate and validate.
   C. Apply the scientific method.
   D. None of the above.

4. How does the number of paths through a control flow graph grow?
   A. Logarithmically with the number of conditionals.
   B. Linearly with the number of conditionals.
   C. Quadratically with the number of conditionals.
   D. Exponentially with the number of conditionals.

5. How does a "debugger" fit into the debugging process?
   A. It automatically identifies the most common problems.
   B. It contains reference material on compiler errors. 
   C. It helps you to gather information and test hypotheses.
   D. It generates hypotheses for you from the information at hand.

6. What is a breakpoint?
   A. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop on a particular line
   B. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when a particular 
      location changes.
   C. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when the program
      would otherwise crash.
   D. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when a particular
      line of output is generated.

7. What is a watchpoint?
   A. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop on a particular line
   B. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when a particular 
      variable or memory location changes.
   C. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when the program
      would otherwise crash.
   D. A debugger construct which causes execution to stop when a particular
      line of output is generated.


8. What does an "assert" statement do?
   A. Checks that you have obtained statement coverage with your test cases.
   B. Prints a message that its argument is true at that point in the program.
   C. Informs the debugger of a logical property of the program.
   D. Causes the program to raise an AssertionError if the condition is false


9. What is required for a hypothesis to be testable?
   A. It must analyze a finite class of input conditions.
   B. It must make specific predictions about the program's behavior
      on some category of inputs.
   C. It must describe the behavior of error and non-error inputs.
   D. It must be formed from careful analysis of all paths through the 
      control flow graph.

10. (True/False) Equivalence classes help us reduce the number of possible
    inputs we must write tests using.
    A. True
    B. False
